Add egressMTLS docs (#1186)
nginxinc/kubernetes-ingress: docs-web/configuration/policy-resource.md

```
In this example the Ingress Controller will use the configuration from the first policy reference `ingress-mtls-policy-one`, and ignores `ingress-mtls-policy-two`.

### EgressMTLS

The EgressMTLS policy configures upstreams authentication and certificate verification.

For example, the following policy will use `egress-mtls-secret` to authenticate with the upstream application and `egress-trusted-ca-secret` to verify the certificate of the application:
```yaml
egressMTLS:
  tlsSecret: egress-mtls-secret
  trustedCertSecret: egress-trusted-ca-secret

>   verifyServer: on

Reviewer: I wonder if it make sense to use `true` here. For the boolean fields, we use `true|false`. Even for fields that correspond to directives that use `on|off`.   I think it is a bit confusing that we use `"on"` in IngressMTLS and `on` here, so I suggest using `true` here.

  verifyDepth: 2
```

> Note: The feature is implemented using the NGINX [ngx_http_proxy_module](https://nginx.org/en/docs/http/ngx_http_proxy_module.html).

```eval_rst
.. list-table::
   :header-rows: 1

   * - Field
     - Description
     - Type
     - Required
   * - ``tlsSecret``
     - The name of the Kubernetes secret that stores the TLS certificate and key. It must be in the same namespace as the Policy resource. The certificate must be stored in the secret under the key ``tls.crt`` and ``tls.key``, otherwise the secret will be rejected as invalid.
     - ``string``
     - No
   * - ``trustedCertSecret``
     - The name of the Kubernetes secret that stores the CA certificate. It must be in the same namespace as the Policy resource. The certificate must be stored in the secret under the key ``ca.crt``, otherwise the secret will be rejected as invalid.
     - ``string``
     - No

>    * - ``verifyServer``

Reviewer: the types in the type column are displayed incorrectly:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2199726/95881545-8cb08480-0d2d-11eb-8c27-37835fb93d59.png)

>      - Verification of the upstream HTTPS server certificate.

Reviewer 2: Optional:
```suggestion
     - Enables verification of the upstream HTTPS server certificate.
```

>      - Enables verification of the upstream HTTPS server certificate.

Reviewer: the default is missing

Author: we don't have defaults for all the fields

     - ``bool`
     - No
   * - ``verifyDepth``

>      - Sets the verification depth in the client certificates chain. The default is ``1``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - Sets the verification depth in the proxied HTTPS server certificates chain. The default is ``1``.
```

     - ``int``
     - No
   * - ``sessionReuse``
     - Enables reuse of SSL sessions to the upstreams. The default is ``true``.
     - ``bool`
     - No

>    * - ``serverName``

Reviewer: the default is missing

Author: we don't have defaults for all the fields

     - Enables passing of the server name through ``Server Name Indication`` extension.
     - ``bool`
     - No

>    * - ``sslName``

Reviewer: the default is missing.

Author: we don't have defaults for all the fields

     - Allows overriding the server name used to verify the certificate of the upstream HTTPS server.
     - ``string`
     - No
   * - ``ciphers``

>      - Specifies the enabled ciphers for requests to an upstream HTTPS server. The default is ``DEFAULT``.

Reviewer: we need to put a note here that explains that this and the field below aren't validated. How about this?

Note: the value is not validated by the Ingress Controller. As a result, NGINX can fail to reload the configuration. To ensure that the configuration for a VirtualServer/VirtualServerRoute that references the policy was successfully applied, check its [status](https://deploy-preview-1186--nginx-kubernetes-ingress.netlify.app/nginx-ingress-controller/configuration/global-configuration/reporting-resources-status/#virtualserver-and-virtualserverroute-resources). The validation will be added in the future releases.

     - ``string`
     - No
   * - ``protocols``
     - Specifies the protocols for requests to an upstream HTTPS server. The default is ``TLSv1 TLSv1.1 TLSv1.2``.
     - ``string`
     - No
```

#### EgressMTLS Merging Behavior

> A VirtualServer/VirtualServerRoute can reference only a single EgressMTLS policy. Every subsequent reference will be ignored. For example, here we reference two policies:

Reviewer: merging Behavior is similar to the JWT Merging Behavior, not IngressMTLS
